# Attribute-Based-User-Role-Assignment-for-Openstack-Keystone
Keystone \cite{keystone} is the Identity service of Openstack. One main contribution of Keystone in Openstack is the high level authorization management for services. Openstack uses Role Based Access Control for authorization. In terms of Openstack identity information of a user is username, password, email and a domain. The intent of domain is to define the administrative boundaries for management of Keystone entities. A domain can represent an individual, company, or operator owned space. Projects are organizational units in the cloud to which users are  assigned. Keystone does authorization management by user, project and role assignment. Assigned roles to a user determines her level of access to the project. Users may have different roles in different projects. When a user makes a request to OpenStack services, he must  specify a project. According to his role assignment to that project his level of access would be determined. A set of rules for each services defines the role permission assignment. So Openstack high level authorization has two parts like any RBAC implementation 1)user role assignment and 2)role permission assignment. User role assignment in a project is a manual process and it doesn't have that much flexibility to efficiently adapt to changing users, objects and security policies.The proposed model changes the user-project-role assignment module for Keystone. This is a ``out-of-tree" implementation which would work as an addon to Keystone.
